So, Danuta, you still haven't
said how you and Marco met.
Oh, no. Here we go.
Well, Marco here is the reigning champion
on a certain quiz show
on Langley Public Radio.
Oh, you mean Oo Oo, I Know That?
A-ding ding dong.
When they asked him
who his favorite philosopher was,
he said, "I can't remember."
His wit was bone-dry,
but I was quite the opposite.
Okay, soup. This time... you're mine.
Ow! That sneaky stuff
just falls off the spoon so fast!
Babe, remember, flip your spoon over
so it's like a little bowl.
Oh! Like a little soup bowl
-on a stick!
-On a stick.
Yes, Jeff. Very good, Jeff.
And how did you two meet?
Oh, it's so hard to recall.
I fell into the touch tank
at the aquarium!
Hayley pulled me out.
Oh, that's right.
We're actually going to a benefit
at the aquarium with Johanna this...
Johanna Gurney-Schaffner?
The host of This Way or That
on Langley Public Radio?
What! You hang out with her?
Oh, she's a dear friend.
We actually went to the new
Almódovar film with her
just last night.
Ah! Have you seen it?
Oh, I really wanted to,
but Jeff kinda likes to watch
the same movie over and over,
so right now most nights we're watching
The Land Before Time:
The Secret of Saurus Rock.
Hayley has to explain a lot of it to me,
but I'm this close to understanding
that dragons couldn't actually talk.
Dinosaurs.
"Dino-snaurs."
Good morning, USA
I got a feeling
That it's gonna be a wonderful day
The sun in the sky
Has a smile on his face
And he's shinin' a salute
to the American race
Oh, boy, it's swell to say
Good morning, USA
Ah!
- Marco!
- Polo!
- What?
Wait just one minute.
You were thinking about
Danuta's smarty-pants boyfriend!
Jeff, I love you. I just...
I can't even remember the last time
we had an intelligent
conversation about anything!
We talked for hours about Mad Men!
Because I had to keep explaining
that you didn't have to be scared,
because the men weren't mad at you!
Well, maybe you should
watch it with Narco.
-Marco.
-Polo!
Oh, my God! Why are you so dumb!
Jeff, I'm sorry. I, I just got frustrated.
-Where are you going?
-Out!
Jeff, those are my pants.
I know! I happen to, um...
like the way they make my butt look!
Jeff! Lookin' good!
Oh, man, what if Hayley leaves me
because I'm too dumb for her?
Who's gonna tie my shoes?
Hey. Jeffy-boy!
What up, man? Little moonlight stroll?
Mr. S? Why are you out so late?
Collectin' critters.
Dr. Weitzman needs animals
for a new experiment
he's doing at the CIA.
The agent that brings in the most
gets to go to McDonald's in a limo!
Whoa!
Say, Roger was helping me,
but he quit on me.
Got bit trying to nab
a copperhead snake and just went
straight to the emergency room,
like a quitter.
You wanna help me out?
Mr. S, can I talk to you about something?
Not if I turn on the radio!
Critter!
This Way or That is made possible
by the Arthur and Elaine T.
McKennon Foundation...
Get back here, you little...
...creating a brighter generation
through the power of public radio...
You're coming with me.
...and SmutPile.com.
Check it out. Stray dog.
Can you change the station?
This is that Jo-hannis
Grundy Shniffshnaff lady
Hayley loves so much.
Ugh! Yeah, I hate this nerd shit, too.
That nerd Francine
must've been driving my car.
Let's listen to some Stern!
A lotta people don't know this,
but I was high every day
of shooting City Slickers.
I'm of course talking about
Daniel Stern's autobiography on Audible.
Also, Jack Palance was so strong.
Well, Mister...
Pastafocaccia.
You seem to have fully recovered
from your snakebite.
So that just leaves the small matter of...
uh, the bill!
Sweet child o' mine!
Why is it so darn much, Doc?!
Because antivenom is scarce.
Yep, if someone went out right now
and harvested venom from poisonous snakes,
which is what antivenom is made from,
they could make quite the pretty penny.
-Why are you telling me this?
-I'm a doctor!
I'm all about that sweet
money-money-money-money...
money-money-money!
Hmm.
"Money, money, money, money," you say?
No, like this...
Money-money-money!
Oh! Oh, yeah, yeah.
Money-money-money-money!
Money-money-money!
Now Eskimo kisses!
Wait here while I run these
bad boys on down to Dr. Dubs.
What kind of experiment
is the the doctor working on, anyway?
Uh, some kind of experimental surgery
to increase intelligence or some crap.
Do you think he could do it to me?
Dumb guy like you?
I can see why you'd be interested.
But he still hasn't perfected
the operation.
Most of these animals will end up
dimmer than an Amish Christmas tree.
I like that you screeched
at my joke, wise old owl.
You I might just keep for myself.
Sure is spooky here after dark.
Ahh! Babadook!
I wish! It's just stupid old me.
I was making ramen on my hotplate,
and the dang pot fell on my head.
Oh. Phew! What are you doing here?
My girlfriend kicked me out!
Aw, that's awful, Mr. Whoever-You-Are.
Take it from me, kid.
Don't ever be in a relationship
with someone smarter than you.
It won't last.
Dr. Wishbone...
I'd like to volunteer
for your a-speriment.
Oh, I would love to have
a human test subject,
but you should know
there's a 99% chance
you'll end up brain-dead.
Uh, 99 out of a million?
I think I'll take my chances.
Tell you what, Screechy...
maybe the move is to track down
this beautiful sicko.
Score ten dogs at once.
Dad, have you seen Jeff?
He never came home last night.
Oh, yeah, he volunteered himself
for a deadly experimental
surgery at the CIA.
What! Why didn't you stop him?
I guess I don't care
whether he lives or dies.
Ugh!
-Hoo!
-Jeff.
Stop this atrocity at once!
Oh, Hayley! I'm glad you're here.
As Jeff's legal guardian,
you need to sign this release
before I can do the operation.
You must be suckin'
the glass if you think
I am gonna give Jeff permission
to go through with this...
"Intelligence Enhancement"?
Out of curiosity, has this worked
on any of your test animals?
There's one goose that's now in Mensa.
Did I get it right this time, Doc?
Oh, if it isn't Babe.
Hopefully here to stop me
from doing this super-dangerous thing.
-He's all yours, Doc!
-Oh.
Hayley?
Dr. Weitzman? Smart Goose?
-Did it work?
-Let's find out.
Which of the little people
is wearing his hospital gown correctly?
This one.
Seems to have had a bit
of a sartorial snafu.
- Hmm?
- He's taken his "privates" public,
so to speak.
One might even call it an IPO...
an Ignominious Penile Ostentation.
You can honk that again, Squawky.
Now, he will need to avoid marijuana,
which could dull the effects
of the procedure.
I can also tell you
that is a fake diploma.
He's not wrong!
Ah, Mr. Fischer, welcome back!
Shall I bring for you
extra children's menus,
so you may attempt the maze
as many times as you like?
Merci, non.
Une bouteille de Châteauneuf-du-Pape
et du pain pour la table, s'il vous plaît.
You have exposed my secret shame.
I am not French,
nor do I speak the language.
Did Jeff take a ten-gallon
Gingko enema this morning or what?
'Cause he seems, like,
a billion times smarter
than he used to be.
I know! Isn't it great?
Per te, amore mio.
Say what you will about Seurat.
No one can accuse his art of being...
pointless.
That is so witty, it's almost funny.
You know, Johanna is hosting
a small fundraiser
for the McKennon Foundation
at her lake house this weekend.
You guys should come.
As they say in Reykjavík...
What he said.
So, by now, Barry's going back
to the Steve Madden a third time...
Shh, shh, shut up!
Your story sucks, and I hear a rattler.
Oingo boingo! We got cornbread!
Here. Take some clackers
and work that string bean
on outta there.
What! Why would I do that!
Because I'm Chazz Babylon,
Speculative Venom Harvester.
And you're my bag man.
You told me you were Chico Dungaree,
Former Twisted Sister Roadie,
and that we were just
going on a nature walk!
Chazz Babylon is a pathological liar.
Now get clackin'!
I will not!
The world needs antivenom, Steve.
Think of how many lives we'll save.
All right. We can try.
Okay, now first we gotta
clack him outta that bush.
Now hold up a second.
I wanna make sure we got a good one.
Ow! It's him! And he nipped me!
-Oh, my God!
-I got nipped!
Quick, grab his tail!
Oh, he's mad now! Oh, he nipped me again!
-I got nipped! You get nipped?
-Oh! Yow! I got nipped!
-I got nipped!
-I'm gettin' nipped!
-Oh! Ow! Ow!
-Ow!
I'm gettin' nipped
a whole bunch right now!
Ow! Let's bag this sucker!
Get him in there! Ahh!
I'm trying!
We did it, Steve.
Oh, my God.
He doesn't have his clackers. He's doomed!
Wife. Noun.
A woman who regrets a decision.
What then of "husband"?
The man who begets her derision.
More snaps! More snaps for you!
Jeff, we simply have to have you
as a contestant on Oo Oo, I Know That.
Johanna's going to be a guest panelist.
What do you say, Johanna?
Certainly.
So long as he helps me with this devil
of a New Yorker caption contest.
Any suggestions?
Hmm.
How about, "I've heard of a bull market,
"but this is ridiculous"?
Or, "Of course on the day
I wear my red tie."
Or, "Everybody has been
saying the new guy is horny."
"Think that belt is real leather?"
"I heard this place had fresh beef,
"but this is ridiculous!"
Now you do one, babe.
Uh...
Business... bull?
- Ugh. That's just...
- That doesn't quite connect.
-Nice try, but...
-Very, very bad.
What the... A weed gummy?
You know that could affect my treatment!
Oh, my God! Are you trying to...
sabotage me?
Playing "Rabbitage" by Weird Al.
I'll nab cabbage
And do my...
Alexa, off!
You know, Johanna was right about you.
You are pathologically insecure!
What... You've been talking
to Johanna about us?
First you risked my life
to make me smarter,
now you nearly kill me
trying to dumb me back down?
I'm sorry, Jeff!
I, I was scared you were getting
too smart for me and...
But I should thank you.
Because now that I am smart,
I finally see what
a selfish person you are.
No, Jeff, please don't see that!
I never cared you weren't
the most erudite person in the world.
But I can't be with someone
who's downright flagitious!
-F-L...
-It means "villainous"!
I know what it means!
Well, Screechy, he did it.
He won the Tournament of Champions.
Hoo.
Don't make me say his name, Screech.
Hayley, honey?
The ice-cream truck just came by.
I got you one of those
Sonic the Hedgehogs.
Thanks, Mom.
You've just seemed so sad
these last few months since Jeff left.
No, we've both moved on.
He's with Johanna now,
and I'm happy
with my new boyfriend... Myron.
Duh! Hey, Hayley! Look it!
I knocked it right outta
its nest with a rock
from all the way a long ways!
Like...
Myron! You're gonna get West Nile again!
Aww! You got a Sonic bar? Gimme!
Let's go to the old tire factory
and whip this bird against the big rock!
I wish Stan would take me places.
Rock-throw!
Million points!
Hey, Hayley! You see that?
Yes, Myron. Very good, Myron.
I'll nab cabbage and...
Gouda Tenuta, what's nuts?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, slow down.
Marco's been missing for how long?
Listen, I've been doing a lot of research.
Every male winner of
the Tournament of Champions
has gone missing a few weeks later.
And it has something to do
with the McKennon Foundation.
Oh, Hayley, conspiracy theories
are the refuge of the dispossessed.
Kava root ristretto?
Jeff, please. I think you
may be in some kind of danger.
Only of losing my patience!
Clearly, you've transmuted your guilt
over destroying our relationship
into this absurd fairy tale.
Well, enough. It is over between us.
Forget about her, lover.
A brighter future awaits us.
Let's play at puns.
"Air Hare." Ten letters.
Hmm. Kite Rabbit?
Close. But the answer is actually...
Ether bunny!
Come now, Jeff. Destiny calls.
Wakey, wakey! Milk some snakeys!
Time to get out there again,
right back on the horse.
Clack clack clack!
You must be suckin' the glass
if you think I'm going back out with you.
You were never out to save lives.
You just wanted to make money.
It may have started out
being about the money,
but not anymore.
Well, maybe a little.
I did sink quite a bit
into having all these T-shirts made.
But otherwise,
now it's all about saving lives.
I won't rest until every snakebite victim
has the antivenom they need!
Ahh!
I'm afraid you've single-handedly
depleted the world's
entire supply of antivenom.
Many have died, and now you will, too.
Clack's all... folks.
My Chazz!
No!
The Meisterzucht awakes!
Where am I?
At the threshold of a new age.
Welcome...
to the McKennon Foundation!
Why are you doing this?
Why, to create a brighter generation,
free of dumdums,
dingdongs, and dingalings.
We use Oo Oo, I Know That
to identify intellects
of the highest genetic caliber,
then harvest their seed to be...
disseminated...
Pun, uh, very much intended.
...to fertility clinics the world over!
And you, Jeff, you are the most
smartest one of all!
Der Meisterzucht!
The Master Stud!
Commence milking!
You might think
this would feel good,
but it's agony!
Ready the Meisterzucht for harvest!
Wait! No! No! Listen!
My genes are useless to you.
My intelligence stems
from biomedical intervention!
Uh, you don't think we already
tried that old chestnut...
My balls!
Milk the Meisterzucht!
Yah, Myron! Yah!
Myron! Attack!
Rock! Bird! Bird!
Rock! Rat!
Let's get outta here.
You came for me.
Even though it means now you'll die, too.
What can I say?
I think my problem all along has been,
when it comes to you,
I'm just a great big dummy.
We gotta think of a way out of here.
But those are some of
the most intelligent people
in the world out there.
We'll never outsmart them!
No. But we may be able to outstupid them.
I need to be dumb again,
so I can think up a plan
so stupid they could never expect it.
How? We don't have any weed!
The answer's as easy as autolobotomy.
Have you ever wondered
what the colors on maps mean?
They gotta mean something.
Quick, what's your stupid plan?
Since Vaseline is clear,
once we cover ourselves in it...
we become absolutely,
one-million-percent invisible.
Oh, wow. This is stupid.
Seize them!
Ugh! They're too damn slippery!
Whoo!
The Spank Tank!
All our precious seed!
C'mon, Snugglesaurus.
We can still make it to the Great Valley.
You know what I'm wondering?
If we maybe should've tried to save
those other men in that basement?
No.
Do you think all the dino-snaurs
stayed friends
when they were done shooting the movie?
Babe, don't ever change.
Have a great night!